-- What is GitHub?

GitHub is a website and cloud-based service that assists developers in storing and managing code, as well as tracking and controlling changes to their code.

What Is Version Control?
The method of recording and controlling changes to software code is known as version control, often known as source control. 
Version control systems (VCS) are software tools that assist software development teams in managing changes to source code over time.

How to use Github?
Github can be used via creating and maintaining a repository, beginning and managing a new branch, making changes to a file and committing them to GitHub, 
and opening and merging a pull request.

-- Uses of GitHub


-- Install Git setup in your machine.
-- Create an account in remote git and try to push a simple file(readme file or any code)


Git init
git add. (add all files)
git status (If you Check git status, will see all the files)
git commit -m 'your message' (Provide any reasonable name then see how many files added)

Copy your remote repository's URL from GitHub
git remote add origin 'your_url_name'
git push -u origin master

then check your repository, will see the changes after completing the push commends.


These are common Git commands used in various situations:

start a working area (see also: git help tutorial)
   clone     Clone a repository into a new directory
   init      Create an empty Git repository or reinitialize an existing one

work on the current change (see also: git help everyday)
   add       Add file contents to the index
   mv        Move or rename a file, a directory, or a symlink
   restore   Restore working tree files
   rm        Remove files from the working tree and from the index

examine the history and state (see also: git help revisions)
   bisect    Use binary search to find the commit that introduced a bug
   diff      Show changes between commits, commit and working tree, etc
   grep      Print lines matching a pattern
   log       Show commit logs
   show      Show various types of objects
   status    Show the working tree status

grow, mark and tweak your common history
   branch    List, create, or delete branches
   commit    Record changes to the repository
   merge     Join two or more development histories together
   rebase    Reapply commits on top of another base tip
   reset     Reset current HEAD to the specified state
   switch    Switch branches
   tag       Create, list, delete or verify a tag object signed with GPG

collaborate (see also: git help workflows)
   fetch     Download objects and refs from another repository
   pull      Fetch from and integrate with another repository or a local branch
   push      Update remote refs along with associated objects

'git help -a' and 'git help -g' list available subcommands and some
concept guides. See 'git help <command>' or 'git help <concept>'
to read about a specific subcommand or concept.
See 'git help git' for an overview of the system.
